docs/03-administration/README.md, before:

# Administering and Managing Kubernetes Environements

This chapter deals with Kubernetes-level communication at the administrator level.

## Step-by-step

1. Create a Kubernetes cluster and an auto-scaling node pool. You create the cluster as a certain Google Account holder, in a certain project within a certain zone.

2. Initial-connect to the cluster.

3. Initialize Helm, install system (storage, ingress, monitoring) packages.

4. Install hello-world app packages to make sure everything is cool.

5. Set up authentication (`kubectl` ability) for your team members, using one of the following methods:
  * Private keys distributed through some secure company IM
  * Using bearer tokens
  * HTTP basic auth
  * An authenticating proxy

## Configure cluster networking

...

## Configure cluster storage

...

## Set up human user access

### Concepts

GCP Project Owner, GCP Project Team Member

Project Owner grants IAM roles to team member so that they can access the project's resources.

### Set up GCP service account to add co-worker access for kubectl

We'll create the ability for our new teammate, Alice Doe, to get full access to Google Kubernetes Engine and to Google Kubernetes Engine Clusters.

TODO: how does using GCP Service Accounts or Google Accounts actually enable the use of tokens for `kubectl` authentication?

```sh
# Create a GCP service account with a unique identifier -- email address.
gcloud iam service-accounts create alice-doe --display-name=alice-doe
# make $alice the account's email address and identifier
alice=$(gcloud iam service-accounts list --format='value(email)' --filter='displayName:alice-doe')
# Create a key file (json)
gcloud iam service-accounts keys create --iam-account $alice alice.json
# Activate the account
gcloud auth activate-service-account $alice --key-file=alice.json

# fail on purpose because you don't have permissions
a-kubectl get nodes

# Set up a-kubectl to use alice-doe service account
alias a-kubectl='kubectl --token="$(gcloud auth print-access-token --account=$alice)"'

# (!!!) Use GCP Console GUI to add permissions for GKE and GKE cluster to alice account

a-kubectl get nodes
```

## Set up monitoring and alerting

...

Commit message:

Add section on client cert Kubernets API auth-n

docs/03-administration/README.md, after:

# Administering and Managing Kubernetes Environements

This chapter deals with Kubernetes-level communication at the administrator level.

## Step-by-step

1. Create a Kubernetes cluster and an auto-scaling node pool. You create the cluster as a certain Google Account holder, in a certain project within a certain zone.

2. Initial-connect to the cluster.

3. Initialize Helm, install system (storage, ingress, monitoring) packages.

4. Install hello-world app packages to make sure everything is cool.

5. Set up authentication (`kubectl` ability) for your team members, using one of the following methods:
  * Private keys distributed through some secure company IM
  * Using bearer tokens
  * HTTP basic auth
  * An authenticating proxy


## Configure cluster networking

...

## Configure cluster storage

...

## Set up human user access on GKE using Google Accounts

### Concepts

GCP Project Owner, GCP Project Team Member

Project Owner grants IAM roles to team member so that they can access the project's resources.

### Set up GCP service account to add co-worker access for kubectl

We'll create the ability for our new teammate, Alice Doe, to get full access to Google Kubernetes Engine and to Google Kubernetes Engine Clusters.

TODO: how does using GCP Service Accounts or Google Accounts actually enable the use of tokens for `kubectl` authentication?

```sh
# Create a GCP service account with a unique identifier -- email address.
gcloud iam service-accounts create alice-doe --display-name=alice-doe
# make $alice the account's email address and identifier
alice=$(gcloud iam service-accounts list --format='value(email)' --filter='displayName:alice-doe')
# Create a key file (json)
gcloud iam service-accounts keys create --iam-account $alice alice.json
# Activate the account
gcloud auth activate-service-account $alice --key-file=alice.json

# fail on purpose because you don't have permissions
a-kubectl get nodes

# Set up a-kubectl to use alice-doe service account
alias a-kubectl='kubectl --token="$(gcloud auth print-access-token --account=$alice)"'

# (!!!) Use GCP Console GUI to add permissions for GKE and GKE cluster to alice account

a-kubectl get nodes
```

## Set up authentication to Kubernetes API using client certificates

We can allow both Bob and Alice to be able to access our cluster's Kubernetes API Server by simply granting them x509 client certificates.


## Set up monitoring and alerting

...
