labs/lab1/create-cluster.md, before:

# Create a Kubernetes cluster


Hosted Kubernetes clusters are easy to create and manage. The "big three" of public cloud providers -- Amazon, Google, Microsoft -- have all announced a hosted (managed) Kubernetes platform, with Google Kubernetes Engine being the most mature solution as of late December 2017.

## Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)

On GKE, using Kubernetes will [cost you no more](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/pricing) that using normal GCE instances. Here are the steps to go from zero to a bare Kubernetes cluster on GKE:

1. Create a Google Account
2. Add credit card info to [Google Cloud Platform](/) (and get free **$300** to spend on the platform)
3. Set up `gcloud` CLI locally
4. Create cluster by adding `gke-cluster.tf` file and running `terraform init` and `terraform apply`

```tf
# gke-cluster.tf

provider "google" {
  project = "my-project-999"
  region  = "europe-west1-d"
}

resource "google_container_node_pool" "np" {
  name               = "node-pool"
  zone               = "europe-west1-d"
  cluster            = "${google_container_cluster.my-cluster.name}"
  node_count = 1

  autoscaling {
    min_node_count = 0
    max_node_count = 5
  }

  node_config {
    machine_type = "n1-standard-2"
  }
}

resource "google_container_cluster" "my-cluster" {
  name               = "my-cluster"
  zone               = "europe-west1-d"
  initial_node_count = 1

  cluster_ipv4_cidr  = "10.20.0.0/14"
  node_version       = "1.8.4-gke.0"
  min_master_version = "1.8.4-gke.0"
  enable_legacy_abac = "true"
  subnetwork         = "default"

  node_config {
    machine_type = "n1-standard-2"
  }
}
```

5. Connect to the cluster by configuring `~/.kube/config`
6. Go to [Lab 2](/labs/lab2/overview.md) to get the cluster ready for production

## Microsoft Azure Container Service for Kubernetes (AKS)

⛔️ AKS support for Azure Terraform provider [has not been added yet](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm/issues/471).

If you insist on using AKS *now*, use Azure's GUI or CLI.

## Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (EKS)

⛔️ As of late December 2017, [EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/) has not been released to the public yet.

## Up next

[Upgrade a Kubernetes cluster](/labs/lab1/upgrade-cluster.md)

Commit message:

Move paragraph about status of hosted k8s solutions

labs/lab1/create-cluster.md, after:

# Create a Kubernetes cluster

Let's spin up some Kubernetes clusters! 👏

## Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)

On GKE, using Kubernetes will [cost you no more](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/pricing) that using normal GCE instances 😌

Here are the steps to go from zero to a bare Kubernetes cluster on GKE:

1. Create a Google Account
2. Add credit card info to [Google Cloud Platform](/) (and get free **$300** to spend on the platform)
3. Set up `gcloud` CLI locally
4. Create cluster by adding `gke-cluster.tf` file and running `terraform init` and `terraform apply`

```tf
# gke-cluster.tf

provider "google" {
  project = "my-project-999" # Your GCP Project name
  region  = "europe-west1-d" # Default region
}

resource "google_container_node_pool" "np" {
  name               = "node-pool"
  zone               = "europe-west1-d"
  cluster            = "${google_container_cluster.my-cluster.name}"
  node_count = 1

  autoscaling {
    min_node_count = 0
    max_node_count = 5
  }

  node_config {
    machine_type = "n1-standard-2"
  }
}

resource "google_container_cluster" "my-cluster" {
  name               = "my-cluster"
  zone               = "europe-west1-d"
  initial_node_count = 1

  cluster_ipv4_cidr  = "10.20.0.0/14"
  node_version       = "1.8.4-gke.0"
  min_master_version = "1.8.4-gke.0"
  enable_legacy_abac = "true"
  subnetwork         = "default"

  node_config {
    machine_type = "n1-standard-2"
  }
}
```

5. Connect to the cluster by configuring `~/.kube/config`
6. Go to [Lab 2](/labs/lab2/overview.md) to get the cluster ready for production

## Microsoft Azure Container Service for Kubernetes (AKS)

⛔️ AKS support for Azure Terraform provider [has not been added yet](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm/issues/471).

If you insist on using AKS *now*, use Azure's GUI or CLI.

## Amazon Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes (EKS)

⛔️ As of late December 2017, [EKS](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/) has not been released to the public yet.

## Up next

[Upgrade a Kubernetes cluster](/labs/lab1/upgrade-cluster.md)
