labs/intro.md, before:

# Project Introduction and Concepts

## What is Kubernetes?

Kubernetes is an open-source platform for consuming cloud **compute, storage, and networking resources**. Kubernetes is also known as the most mature orchestrator for containerized applications.

**Kubernetes inputs**:

- Container images (created from Dockerfiles) in some private or public container image registry
- A collection of Kubernetes API objects expressed as YAML markup

**Kubernetes output**:

A scalable production-grade application or service running in a cloud.

## Project goals

- Learn to set up and administer Kubernetes clusters of any scale
- Estabilish a smooth *declarative* workflow for deploying containerized services to Kubernetes clusters

## Everything as code

In our labs, we keep our use of CLIs and GUIs to a minimum, instead looking to express **the desired state** of any external resources **in code** that can be committed to a git repository and managed with a familiar developer workflow, like [git-flow](/) or [GitHub Flow](/).

The result is that you can always know the state of your infrastructure by simply **reading code**. You also have to do less work, simply telling the computer to read from the source repository and make sure the state of the infrastructure is just like you declared it.

You're free to use a text editor of your choice (like Atom or Vim) and you're free to use a Git interface of your choice (like GitUp, Sourcetree, or Git CLI).

| Workflow | Actions |
| --- | --- |
| Imperative | `get`, `list`, `create`, `delete`, `init`, `add`, `rollback`, and many more |
| Declarative | `apply` and `destroy` |

Commit message:

Add a table comparing deployment solutions, old and new

labs/intro.md, after:

# Project Introduction and Concepts

## What is Kubernetes?

Kubernetes is an open-source platform for consuming cloud **compute, storage, and networking resources**. Kubernetes is also known as the most popular production-grade orchestrator for containerized applications, a competitor to Docker Swarm mode or Apache Mesos.

If you're wondering how it compares to hosting non-containerized apps, here's a comparison table:

| Solution | Physical Hardware (Data Center) | Virtual Hardware | Container Runtime | Orchestrator |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Bare-metal deployments | On-premises data center | ❌ | ❌ | ❌ |
| On-premises Virtual Hardware (VM) deployments | On-premises data center | VMware vSphere | ❌ | ❌ |
| On-premises Docker + Kubernetes Deployments | On-premises data center | VMware vSphere | Docker | Kubernetes |
| GKE, EKS, AKS | ☁️ | ☁️ | Docker | Kubernetes |

**Kubernetes inputs**:

- Container images (built from Dockerfiles) in some private or public container image registry
- A collection of Kubernetes API objects expressed as YAML markup

**Kubernetes output**:

A scalable production-grade application or service running in a cloud.

## Project goals

- Learn to set up and administer Kubernetes clusters of any scale
- Estabilish a smooth *declarative* workflow for deploying containerized applications and services to Kubernetes clusters

## Everything as code

In our labs, we keep our use of CLIs and GUIs to a minimum, instead looking to express **the desired state** of any external resources **in code** that can be committed to a git repository and managed with a familiar developer workflow, like [git-flow](/) or [GitHub Flow](/).

The result is that you can always know the state of your infrastructure by simply **reading code**. You also have to do less work, simply telling the computer to read from the source repository and make sure the state of the infrastructure is just like you declared it.

You're free to use a text editor of your choice (like Atom or Vim) and you're free to use a Git interface of your choice (like GitUp, Sourcetree, or Git CLI).

| Workflow | Actions |
| --- | --- |
| Imperative | `get`, `list`, `create`, `delete`, `init`, `add`, `rollback`, and many more |
| Declarative | `apply` and `destroy` |
